feat(api): `nvim_get_chan_info` pass 0 for current channel (#27321)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

• Attempting to set an invalid keycode option (e.g. `set t_foo=123`) no longer
  gives an error.

> • Allow to pass 0 to |nvim_get_chan_info| to get channel info for current
>   channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• Passing 0 to |nvim_get_chan_info| gets channel info for the current channel.
```
